# Parliament-e-Network-for-Sri-Lanka
“Parliament E-network for Sri Lanka”. This project directly assists, efficiency of secretarial function through the effective information management system. Also, it is mainly targeted for there are four main parts in our project. E-Parliament network software solution, E-Parliament network website, Parliament minister health monitoring cloud base web application and Parliament minister health monitoring mobile application with IOT base Arduino project. The voting system for gazettes to assist Members in Parliament, to provide interfaces to manage parliament daily work and we think to help for parliament management to do all parliament daily work on this E-network.  At the request of the sri Lankan parliament, we are initiating procurement of software, website, and mobile application platform for implementation of Parliament E-network system in 2021. Our scope of this project is the delivery of an integrated systems containing the Electronic voting system for Parliament. Properly implemented Parliament e-Network system can eliminate certain common approaches of fraud, speed up the result processing, increase accessibility and make voting more appropriate for the Ministers in Parliament.  In this system we provide administrative power (control dashboard) to the Speaker of the Parliament and start polling by asking who agrees to these gazettes and who does not agree to the gazettes. Then all the Ministers in the Parliament can vote with their computer by pressing agree or disagree. After polling session Speaker can collect and get voting result easily and he can know who is the agree and who is the disagrees. The e-Network parliament system software parliament ministers can do business of parliament, parliament works perfectly. parliament members can participate parliament sessions using online video call technologies (Zoom technology) and communicate with members using google forum.  Parliament doctor can get member’s health status before entering parliament house in guest room where locate medical sensors and hardware technologies using Parliament minister health monitoring cloud base web application and Parliament minister health monitoring mobile application with IOT base Arduino project.
